They say a third German soldier and a sixth Afghan were wounded. The Associated Press quotes Afghan President Hamid Karzai as saying he was deeply saddened by the incident. The German soldiers were part of the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan. Thousands of Icelanders marked the 90th anniversary of sovereignty from Denmark Monday by demanding the government resign over the country 's economic crisis. The German detachment of about two thousand troops provides security and collects weapons and ammunition from disarmed militias for disposal. ISAF has about 8,000 troops in Afghanistan. Pakistani police reported more deaths Saturday from poisoned bootleg liquor in the port city of Karachi , raising the death toll to at least 40. Several people are still being treated at a local hospital after consuming the toxic batch of liquor late Thursday. Liquor is banned for Muslims in Pakistan , although a few shops are allowed to sell alcohol to non-Muslims. But some Muslims drink alcohol , resorting to black-market supplies smuggled from abroad or homemade liquor that is sometimes tainted. Police say they have arrested several men in a series of raids for illegally preparing and selling the homemade alcohol. In October of last year , at least 12 people died after drinking contaminated liquor in the eastern city of Multan. A former U.S. Senate majority leader says he never agreed to let the Bush administration eavesdrop , without court approval , on phone calls that cross U.S. borders. Democrat Tom Daschle contradicts President Bush , who says Congress granted him the authority in legislation authorizing the use of force against al-Qaida after the September 11 , 2001 terror attacks. Hundreds of marchers tried to storm central bank headquarters in Reykjavik. In an opinion piece in the Washington Post Friday , Mr. Daschle says lawmakers granted the president extra powers to pursue al Qaida , but specifically turned down a White House request to use those powers inside the United States. President Bush last week confirmed he secretly authorized the National Security Agency to eavesdrop in the United States. He called it a vital tool for national security that was within his legal power. Iran 's elite security forces are warning opposition supporters not to hold anti-government demonstrations during a government-sponsored rally on Friday. Opposition activists have called for protests coinciding with the Quds Day rallies , the annual event that expresses support for Palestinians and condemns Israel. Opposition leader Mir Hossein Mousavi has said he plans to attend and activists have encouraged people to capitalize on the large gatherings to protest the disputed re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. On Thursday , Iranian state media published a message from the elite Revolutionary Guards promising to crack down on any protests during the rallies. Following Iran's disputed June 12 elections , rights groups said hundreds of people were detained in clashes with security forces during post-election , anti-government demonstrations. Since then , authorities have held public trials of the accused and tried to marginalize moderate officials within the government. The United Nations is praising the use of military helicopters to drop food and rescue survivors in tsunami-ravaged Indonesia , saying the aircraft are worth their weight in gold.
